actionBarVisibility example (#107)
NativeScript/nativescript-sdk-examples-js: app/ns-ui-widgets-category/frame/action-bar-visibility/article.md

Тhе `actionBarVisibility` is a property that controls the visibility the Navigation Bar in iOS and the Action Bar in Android for the current `Frame`. It should be set directly to the `Frame` and has three option values `auto`, `never`, `always`. 

* `auto` - this is the default `actionBarVisibility` value and allows to specify the `ActionBar` visibility for each `Page` individually. 

> * `never` - this value hides the `ActionBar` for the whole application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `never` - this value hides the `ActionBar` for the current `Frame`.
```
